# Portfolio / Weekly Reflections
## Week 1
> Course Introduction & General Project Brainstorming

In the first week of the course, the discussions were generally centred around existing problems in the world (that we could feasibly solve at first glance). Some interesting ideas were thrown around. These ideas ranged from specialised, local problems around Brisbane, to larger problems that impact the entire country or the world. Some of these problems include:
 - `TransLink Bus Tracker` The TransLink app only provides basic information about bus arrival times, and these aren't typically accurate. Google Maps ironically seems to be more accurate, crowdsourcing the locations of busses (albeit probably not in the most ethical way as most people aren't aware that this is happening) from their users' phones. We could create a small hardware device with a small GPS receiver, 4G modem and battery pack that broadcasts bus locations to a central server every 20 to 30 seconds, providing a real-time indication of where busses are. This would make forecasting the position of busses significantly more accurate.
 - `Digital Real-Estate Agent` Create a software system that guides house sellers through the process of filling out the required paperwork for selling their home, as well as a digital marketplace for featuring and selling homes (similar to that of Facebook Marketplace, but specificially targeted for selling homes and integrated with this service).
 - `Friend Finder` Create a platform that helps people find people with similar interests in the same area - this is particularly important now, especially considering the social impacts of the Coronavirus pandemic. (In retrospect, this could even be extended into an app that people can request for / volunteer to help each other e.g. with flood clean up).
